---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "My Introduction"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-01-14
published: true
labels:
  - Introduction
---

I am Ma Donna Sadio, a third-year student striving for a B.B.A. in Management Information Systems at the University of Hawai'i at Mānoa.

My dream growing up was to pursue a medical career and open my practice. I worked towards this dream from the beginning of high school to my second year in college. In my senior year of high school, I produced and presented a Capstone project relevant to health. After many weeks of brainstorming, I planned to visit Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children and shadow various doctors to collect relevant data. There were numerous directions I could have gone with the knowledge I obtained from my visits, but I was still determining what could have been the most effective way to relay my message.

I deliberated on my next step for a while. Midway through my frustrations, I remembered taking a handful of computer science classes that encouraged us to practice coding. I created a website and a separate PowerPoint presentation to pitch my idea for a mobile app. My proposal was for an improved application that allowed patients and doctors to communicate without the need to visit their physical offices. I didn't realize it back then, but I found joy in completing that project (despite all the stress).

After the COVID-19 pandemic halted the last quarter of my senior year, I saw the sacrifices and struggles of all healthcare professionals. I also saw the importance of no-contact doctor visits. Seeing how I presented a version of this just a few weeks beforehand, I was intrigued to learn more about computer science and information systems. It took me two years in college to decide to part with medicine and study business.

When I decided to study business, I didn't consider majoring in MIS. My significant other encouraged me that it may be something that would interest me, and he was right. I'm taking this chance to expand my knowledge and form a lasting career in this field.
